Now, I know I'm not in uniform right now.
That's because I'm going undercover.
In light of all the recent false flag shootings, you might be wondering, how do I get on in on the action, you know?
What do I gotta do to be the lucky guy that gets recruited to do something crazy?
I might get in on that action.
Lucky for you, citizen of the United States, and Biden's Build Back Better bill, because he loves you so much, absconded in the 10,000 pages Federal False Flag Subsidization Program.
For example, if you're thinking, you know what, maybe I don't have the nerve to do something crazy, we'll give you all the SSRIs and fluoride you need.
You're thinking, where do I get the money for these fancy guns?
Where do you think these, like,
mentally ill mcdonalds workers got the money from in this economy if you're wondering where to get money from just go on the internet and say that you're having violent thoughts all of our boys will swarm in there onto your venmo account to send you money our best discord groomers do your discord account to give you all the instruction manuals quick rundowns and everything really we're trying to make this as easy for you as possible especially if you're a minority
If you're retarded in some way, we have all the affirmative action to get you on your feet.
Before you get started, though, we don't want you to injure yourself in any way, at least not yet.
You can do that after it's all said and done.
Here's a little thing you gotta know about gun safety, first of all, is you want to be waving it in as many directions as possible at all times.
Loaded check the chamber to make sure there's a bullet in there.
Just have fun with it.
Really do it for me Do it to save the white race.
It was you guys.
It's Sophia.
Just getting ready for the pride parade.
Oh, hey, didn't see you there I'm just here getting ready to go to the pride parade considering I'm going to a GSA meet pretty soon So when you're kind of, you know playing around with a gun as you do, you should always be playing around with it You want to keep your finger directly on the trigger?
So you're always ready in case any sort of homosexual person Strolls by and you see you holding the gun like this, okay
I want you to take yourself out.
The way you gotta do it, you gotta take your gun like so, thusly, and, uh, you know, shoot yourself in the back of the head.
So guys, one of the classic ways to make your whole thing more comical is going akimbo.
Very impractical, very un-tactical.
You want to make sure you're really close together so you don't start hitting each other when you're trying to shoot.
You start colliding with each other, you're shooting your other gun with each other.
If you're worried your gun might be malfunctioning, it isn't working properly, just make sure to test it on yourself.
Alright guys, you wanna make sure to do some shenanigans as far as, you know, how many bullets your mags actually carry.
Just make it so that the numbers don't add up.
So, just in case you're not very imaginative, I'll give you some ideas of what sort of things you're supposed to say when you're shooting, okay?
Alright.
I'm doing this for you, Hitler!
I'm doing this for you, Trump!
This is the most offensive one of them all, okay?
Use this one with caution.
Let's go, Brandon!
Subscribe to PewDiePie!
vaccine, if you think about it.
You know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
pass the time to our next honored guest.
And yeah, I will keep fighting until the last minute.
Last minute, for me, all for Chinese Communist Party.
Thank you.
Dr. Li Min Yang is not only a hero to the Chinese people, not only a hero to the American people, she's a hero to all mankind.
The last thing I want to say, when Dr. Li-Man Yang left Hong Kong in the middle of the night because of the great work of the Rule of Law Foundation, the Rule of Law Society, the great heroes there and supporters, she defected and came out with tremendous danger to herself.
When she first got here, I think we spent three, four, five days in due diligence with lawyers and scientists and all of that.
And I have to say about her personal journey, she was
very meek, very shy.
The woman that was on the stage tonight was so shy and so demurred.
I got to tell you, one year of breathing the fresh air of freedom has... We have to get her citizenship because we need her to run for the United States Senate.
Thank you.
Thank you, Ariel.
Oh, look, JC on the bike was timed out by Risa.
Oh, time out, JC on the bike.
JC on the bike.
It's JC on the bike.
Yeah.
Well, I'm wise enough to know when a chump needs banning.
And I know just the one.
Look it round.
It's JC on the bike.
Who says Vader didn't study music in college?
Oh, the next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of the of America, of the American people, is being used to create the crisis they need to divide and conquer us, to ruin maybe America.
I don't know.
Crash the dollar.
Steal the rest of our our what limited treasury value we have left.
I don't know.
But I know for sure.
that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary and more importantly never be possible.
Protect yourself at all times.
Follow my instructions.
Keep it clean.
Touch gloves if you wish.
Let's do it.
Sweaty palms.
This is so crazy.
Like goosebumps.
I feel so nervous.
Like what in the world, man?
The Matrix is a system, Neil.
That system is our enemy.
But when you're inside, you look around, what do you see?
Businessmen, teachers, lawyers, carpenters, the very minds of the people we are trying to save.
But until we do, these people are still a part of that system, and that makes them our enemy.
You have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be unplugged.
And many of them are so inert, so hopelessly dependent on the system, that they will fight to protect it.
Were you listening to me, Neo?
Or were you looking at the woman in the red dress?
I was... Look again.
Freeze it.
This... This isn't the Matrix.
No.
It's another training program designed to teach you one thing.
If you are not one of us, you are one of them.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
you
Good afternoon, everybody.
This is GigaOM Biological.
I've got a little throat problem the last couple days, so I took a couple days off.
I don't know, I'm still annoyed by it.
I'm going to try and talk as softly as we can.
Stop all transfections in humans is one way to say it.
If you don't know who I am, my name is Jonathan Cui.
You can search for C-O-U-E-Y on the internet, on PubMed, and you can find all of the stuff I did as an academic biologist when I was a patch clamp physiologist.
That's where gigaohm biological comes from.
That's not the way my voice sounds.
I'm not really sure what's going on here.
Anyway, just like the beginning slide there, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is still dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
I think the first phrase is really a good one because it challenges people to think about it in a way
that also challenges them to revisit what they understand and don't understand about their own immune system.
I think the second one is really interesting to probe people who worked in academic biology or in medical, you know, sciences of any kind to see what their background knowledge is and whether they really know, because this is a word that is present on Robert Malone's resume as far back as we can look,
And finally, the bottom one is a good way to challenge people, especially people who think they're savvy in biology, to explain with some degree of fidelity why it is that RNA can pandemic if you, I guess, coat it with the right proteins that have the right fear and cleavage site or HIV inserts.
We need a new consensus about these ideas.
We need to come back.
to the foundation of the whole crime and what really happened and realized that if they murdered people and lied about it, in order for us to be misled about transfection, in order for us to be misled about the pandemic potential of RNA for a generation, in order for us to trip and fall over
the vaccine schedule in such a way that we will never really notice what they've been doing to us.
Specifically in America, we'll never have the wherewithal to compare our own vaccine schedule to that of other Western countries.
We'll never have the wherewithal to think about what Jessica Rose didn't and didn't do with her coming out about the VAERS signal.
And the same thing with Steve Kirsch and a lot of these other meddlers.
I think at this point in time, I want to be very clear.
I am actually
accusing certain people of having been involved with creating this illusion of consensus.
They don't all have to know what they did.
They don't have to know when they did it at the right time or now.
But in retrospect, they all have to know that they've played a role in running out the clock.
in not making it possible, especially for our young people, you know, like college age kids, people in their 30s, to really usefully exercise informed consent.
And even though these people are now happy to use those words, none of them are on any recording anywhere before 2022 using those words.
And certainly even in 2022,
The use of those words is very, very rare by any of these actors.
And that's because, again, I think the best way to think about it is that they were running out the clock.
The farther we get along in the ride, the harder it is to think back to the original hill of the roller coaster and how exciting it was.
And so
You might get done with a roller coaster at, I don't know, at some particular park and get done with it and say, wow, that first drop was crazy.
But you forget very quickly about how the first drop climb felt and how long it was and how long those clinkity clankity clank noises were and how the, whether the incline was more or less than the previous ride you've been on and this,
is the role of a lot of these people is to make sure that you keep face forward in the ride and that you don't remember how the ride started.
As long as you think that it was exciting and that stuff happened and that this loop was really exciting and then you pulled into the station and then you all turn to each other and go, wow, that was amazing.
I can't believe that we're here.
Let's go to the next ride.
And then you get on the next ride.
And it's this illusion that you're choosing what ride you go on and that it's up to you whether you wait in that line for the big ride or you wait in this line.
And that by going on social media, you're choosing what rides you ride in the park.
And this is already an illusion, nevermind the idea of who you're arguing with or who you're getting your information from.
Most of these people's idea is to run out the clock to keep you facing forward in a ride that's actually not a ride.
It's like one of those, those machines that's mounted on arms and you all sit down inside the machine and there was a, there was a screen in front of you and then, you know, you were supposed to be in a spaceship and it's going to take off.
And when it gets hit by stuff, it all shakes and everybody gets excited, but it's really just the front window.
That's what social media has done to us, to all of us, and is doing to our kids actively now.
And it's doing to any of our family members and our neighbors that are actively engaged in social media as if it's a window to the real world.
And it's not.
And all of these people are part of an illusion
part of an illusion of consensus that was created specifically using the weaponized social media platforms.
It's not the censorship that the government requested from the social media platforms.
It's the social media platforms themselves that are now effectively governing us.
It's very similar to what Edward Bernays said was happening already back in the 20s.
And so as we are focused on trying to vote for the right person and trying to campaign for the right guy, we're voting for people whose whole existence is dependent on the gatekeepers of social media.
Their narratives are dependent on the gatekeepers of social media.
Their continued success and rising in the consciousness of people is solely dependent on social media.
If social media doesn't want you to be able to search for Trump assassination 2024,
When you search for it, nothing will show up.
This is an illusion.
And by participating it in on your phone, by going onto these media platforms, you are getting on there and getting in their little cabin cabin with a little screen on it.
And you're buckling in and getting and agreeing to go along with the suspension of disbelief.
Okay.
Give me your ride.
Here we go.
John Cullen, here we go.
Uh, you know, John Goodman, here we go.
Uh, Robert Malone,
And that's what these people are, all of them, wittingly or unwittingly, if they are not fundamentally resisting the concept that social media is weaponized against us and that you can't use social media to escape.
You just can't.
because you can't go viral on social media by accident.
You can't go, it doesn't happen because your idea is really good or your stream was just the best stream ever.
That doesn't happen.
And it won't happen if you write the best sub stack either, because these people rise artificially.
The latest example in the social media that I've seen is that some guy who wrote a book about Kamala Harris had it on Amazon before is now, apparently that book's been taken off of Amazon, but maybe that was all by design so that everybody wants to read that book and that book is part of the illusion too, who knows?
That's how deep the game is.
But if we look at and focus on the biologists in the story, focus on the people that are supposed to be the biology experts,
I think we can see what's going on here.
Wow, my throat didn't really start hurting until right now.
It's interesting.
So let's watch this video from 2017 and see
how much we recognize, because again, I want you to see that Robert Malone, just like Li Min Yan, was in on this before the pandemic.
Li Min Yan, as Mark Kulak of Houstatonic ITS has shown us over the past couple of weeks, was nothing but a relatively new rookie on the bench of these NIAID
pandemic people.
She presented in 2018 in the same conference that Peter Daszak was the keynote speaker and that Kasimi, whatever her name is, mRNA lady, also presented and she presented about the spike protein and she presented about stabilized spike proteins, which of course would be something that in 2020 would be talked about as some kind of new technology that these really smart people had to figure out how to
Stabilize the spike protein when Kissimmee or whatever name is kiss.
I don't know.
I'm sorry has been gave a presentation in 2018 already about that technology and about how all the spike proteins are homologous so you can basically do it the same way with all of them and it's so the misrepresentation of the evolving level of knowledge the misrepresentation of event 201 as being the event we had to point to
and pay attention to instead of the one that came one year earlier is already very extraordinary discovery.
But to find Li Min Yan there presenting about universal flu vaccines, to see her there probably intermingling with them, even having dinners with them, this is just an extraordinary thing.
Never mind her connections between her husband and those people that she studied and published with.
Robert Malone feels like a guy who's right in there.
If in 2017, one year before the video with Li Min Yan and the lady from the MRNA, the
the African-American lady that was on the front of Time.
Maybe somebody already put it in, Kizmekia Corbett, thank you very much.
This video was recorded, which I find interesting.
When you're setting out to develop something, I think it's a good idea to know what it is your objective is that you're trying to develop for.
And so what we did very early in the outbreak is we reached to one of the top modeling groups in the world right now for infectious disease, which is the laboratory group of Dr. Ira Lunghini.
Ira and his group did a lot of the modeling for the ring containment studies with Ebola that was successful in demonstrating the activity of that vaccine for that outbreak.
So I asked Ira if he could... So a ring containment study is when there's an outbreak in a village and then you use the vaccine to kind of stop the spread in villages, in the surrounding villages.
So it's essentially an excuse to do a human experiment.
First, you send somebody like Stephen Hadfield out into the middle of a forest and you release the vaccine-like particle.
Vaccine-like particle, right?
Is it vaccine-like something?
Vaccine-like
Anyway, you release this thing that Sina Bavaria and David Hone have a patent on, and you see how far it goes within that village.
And at the same time, you use that outbreak excuse to vaccinate the villages around.
And you can use that data to see to what extent your countermeasures can interact with that thing that you deployed in the jungle and claim it's just bushmeat.
We just landed here and found this stuff going on.
And so that's what a ring vaccination study is.
Now, far be it for me to say, you know, I'm just saying, hypothetically speaking, we don't know the difference between a rural deployment of a virus-like particle.
Sorry, what was I saying?
Vaccine-like particle?
Virus-like particle deployed by a government agency or a non-government organization or a terrorist organization.
in the middle of the Congo, and then a careful observation of how far it goes and who gets infected and how deadly it is.
And then later on, subsequently, maybe the deployment of novel and interesting sort of countermeasures to that same virus-like particle that you were testing in previous deployments.
And so this kind of thing seems just as likely as the idea that somebody
Butchered the wrong chimpanzee and then failed to cook it sufficiently or whatever the Argument would be that that caused the zoonotic transmission that led to a whole village of people dying of bleeding eyeballs So it's really cool to see that in 2017.
He was just as smooth as he is now in fact Could do the calculations
to determine how effective a drug would need to be if it was administered to a community or a household or a factory, small town.
If a drug could be administered like a vaccine prophylactically, how effective would that drug have to be in order to reduce the reproduction rate, the infection efficiency of the virus?
to below one.
What that means is an R0 of less than one, if I get infected, if I have the drug and 70% of the people around me are also taking the drug, how effective would that drug need to be to make it so that the probability of me infecting somebody else is less than one?
If the reproduction coefficient drops below one, then the epidemic is extinguished.
So I was able to model this
And the answer is, depending on how efficiently the virus is transmitted, that's a function of mosquito density and population density and all kinds of different variables.
But what he showed was that a drug only would need to be about between 20 and 50 percent effective if it's administered to 70 percent of the population.
for the whole range of reproduction coefficients that's seen with Zika up to an R-naught of six, we could, with a drug that's even partially effective, we can drop that below one and cause the outbreak to extinguish within a community.
Now, I find that pretty extraordinary for a number of reasons, talking about are not, but more importantly, talking about a drug as being between 20 and 50% effective and how, in his imagination, that's totally normal to talk like that, but not understanding that a 20% to 50% effective drug to measure a signal that's that small,
to accurately scientifically verify in some, you know, reproducible manner that a drug is 20% effective is absolutely absurd.
And so in 2017, Robert Malone was already selling this kind of pseudoscience at the highest level.
And that's what you should see it as.
It is pseudoscience at the highest level that P values, which indicate an effective
and effectivity of 20% is something that he considers scientifically valid and worth talking about, mentioning and discussing in the context of a mathematical model that supposedly recapitulates the spread of a virus that is transmitted by mosquitoes.
And this was Robert Malone in 2017.
So you should not think for one second that it is for any other reason than being off script that they brought him on the scene in 2021.
They hadn't scared enough people into taking transfection and transformation.
and the train was already off the rails.
So they brought this dude in, and if you wanna see how for sure they brought him in, just go watch the Brett Weinstein podcast with him again from June of 2021.
With him and Steve Kirsch, you can find it on Rumble and lots of other places.
And the reason why you need to watch it is very simple, because you can see that Robert Malone is not as comfortable as he was here in March of 2017.
He's just not as comfortable with his companions.
He's not as comfortable with Steve Kirsch.
He's not as comfortable with Brett Weinstein.
You can see that there is an active something happening there.
And I think from that moment on, the narrative and the curation of it was shifted in a way that they never thought that they were going to have to do.
And they had to double down on things that they didn't want to double down on.
And one of the ways that they doubled down was to bring Robert Malone to the front and have him on beaches in Hawaii and have him on CHD chapter affiliate shows and blog posts and everything for him to practice.
Because that's also why he would have been on a podcast with somebody like Paul Cottrell, who's definitely not an MD.
who's definitely a meddler because of his close association with people like Kevin McCairn and George Webb.
And yet Robert Malone was happy to associate with him in 2021 as he figured out what his shtick would be and spread his name far and wide as the foremost authority on this stuff.
And so you can think about it in a little broader terms.
Right now, we're still experiencing this, I think, where weaponized piles of money have used social media.
to convince us what to argue about and with whom to argue.
Weaponized piles of money have used social media to convince us what to argue about and with whom to argue.
Participating in the argument accepts the premise of their narrative by default, and we are governed by a theater that spans from mainstream media to all social media platforms and includes all sides of their mythologies.
Yeah, I'm really worried about what my voice sounds like right now, but maybe it's just something that will go away.
So just to give you an idea, just a little sliver of what any of you could have managed to do, but maybe a lot of us didn't do it, is to think about what Barda is.
Everybody's always saying DARPA, DARPA, DARPA, and DOD, DOD, DOD, DARPA, DARPA, DARPA.
But nobody ever mentions Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, which falls under ASPR.
which is the, of course, the second in command, really, at Health and Human Services but is essentially the Assistant Secretary of Pandemic Preparedness, right, or something like that.
My point is that whoever is in charge of this group is actually really quite important, and it shouldn't really surprise you that Gary Leo Dispro has a page on HousatonicITS.com.
If it does surprise you, then you haven't been using his website very well.
I just want to play a video that is freely available on YouTube of
Dr. Disbro explaining what it is that BARDA does and and then ask yourself why it would be that we would be talking about DARPA and DOD instead of ASPR and BARDA.
Hello, I am Gary Disbrow, Director of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority.
BARDA was established in 2006 to support the development of vaccines, therapeutics, diagnostics, and innovative technologies that could be used when a public health emergency occurs.
The 2022 BARDA Strategic Plan builds on what we have learned and accomplished over the last 15 years.
This five-year plan sets forth how we will continue to work with our private sector and government partners to further secure the nation against a wide range of threats to our national health security.
The BARDA model has proven successful in leveraging public-private partnerships to accelerate development of medical countermeasures that are vital to national security.
BARDA helps its partners from advanced research and development through FDA licensure and clinical use.
During the next five years, BARDA has four strategic goals.
Rapidly develop safe, effective medical countermeasures accessible to all Americans.
Maintain a sustainable, mission-ready response posture.
Leverage mechanisms to foster flexible partnerships.
Build and support a world-class workforce.
Our mission-ready posture to deliver life-saving medical countermeasures quickly in an emergency requires enhancing our workforce of highly skilled professionals who can support our unique public health mission.
Since its inception, BARDA has supported over 60 FDA approvals, licensures, or clearances of products that increase domestic and global preparedness.
Among these are vaccines, diagnostic tests, and therapeutics used to protect individuals during public health emergencies, such as Zika, the Ebola outbreaks in West Africa, and the COVID-19 pandemic.
We are excited to release our five-year strategic plan and look forward to working together with our interagency and private sector partners, our stakeholders, and our workforce, continuing to fortify the nation's health security over the next five years and beyond.
Medicalcountermeasures.gov.
I mean, what more do you want to hear?
They're actually in the business of fulfilling the PrEP Act countermeasure, you know, gaping hole.
We need countermeasures.
We got to fill it with things that come from BARDA.
And nobody ever talks about BARDA.
I'm not saying that I'm going to start talking about BARDA today.
I just mean that if you listen to these people and listen to their certainty about what they say, and listen to their certainty about the motives that I have, or just listen to them ignore me after talking to me for three years, you can see that this illusion of consensus is done specifically that way.
There are a few people who are telling the truth and they need to be ignored.
And everybody else can be promoted and argued with and chatted with.
You know, John Cullen can come on Brett Weinstein's podcast, even though three times in 2022, him and his wife decided to mention my name for biological ideas on their podcast.
But they've never decided to have me on when I was still friends with them.
But now John Cullen
in a total agreement with their friend, Chris Martinson, needed to be promoted for his really insightful analysis about the audiophiles and the shooters of Donald Trump.
Now, what's really interesting about this is all of these biologists, none of them are interested in the Wolverine-style healing of the wound that apparently should be there, but it's not there, or the apparent not discussion of this by his sons or anybody else.
Even though when you do a ballistics discussion of it on YouTube, you find that it would be pretty hard to hit a person's ear with a bullet and cause blood without also pretty destroying part of the ear.
it's pretty hard to get a paper cut from a bullet.
And certainly everything that we've been told would suggest that he was shot in the ear.
And so if he's shot in the ear, there should be some evidence of that.
And yet no evidence has ever been offered.
And these people are totally and completely focused on the
the audio files and whether or not they show one shooter or two shooters or three shooters for a few days.
It was whether or not it was on the water tower.
And the interesting thing is it was Brett Weinstein, Chris Martinson, uh, John Cullen associated with Goodman who's associated with George Webb and George Webb is the arch nemesis of, of Robert Malone makes it a really tiny little network of, of meddlers.
I mean, that's what it bothers me about it.
So if we look at some of the ways this is done, let me get this blanked here.
Here's Chris Martinson again talking about the shooters.
This is from a couple of days ago, but it still doesn't matter.
This is from the 22nd already.
But look what's happening here already on the 22nd of July.
We have, of course, Jikki Leakes agreeing that we should argue about George Webb and John Cullen, and even says 40 minutes of projection matched only by Housatonic Live's similar rant.
And so he's trying to say that George Webb is being thrown under the bus by his buddy, John Cullen, but Housatonic did a similar thing.
So is George Webb a distraction?
I guess Jiki Leak says that, and Knuckle agrees with him.
Interestingly, several posts later, here's Jiki Leak saying, is that the same Goodman that Nest Commander enjoys reading?
And so it's just an illusion of consensus about who's important to talk about, who's interesting to think about.
Now, if you think about the idea that Jiki Leaks is supposed to be in Australia and believes wholeheartedly in Kevin McKernan and gets really mad if people talk about Robert Malone and Pierre Kory instead of Nathan Wolf and Peter Daszak and Tony Fauci, then you can see what this show is all about because
Chris Martinson was in that signal chat.
He knows just as well as Brett Weinstein that transfection was the word they should have used in 2021 because I told all of them.
Alexandros Marinos was also in that chat.
Matt Crawford was also in that chat.
Roller Gator was also in that chat.
Heather Haying was also in that chat.
They all know and they knew in 2021 and they've done nothing about it.
They've never bothered to.
That's what's extraordinary.
Chris Martinson does hour-long streams.
Why didn't he teach the meaning of transfection and transformation by now?
He's a pathologist trained at Duke.
And of course, they were all told to do it by me in that signal chat that still exists, but I'm no longer a part of.
Because I copied, I mean, I recorded it all.
It's archived.
They can't turn it around now.
They knew.
They were able to ask questions and they got answers and they still didn't say it.
And they are not saying it now because they are actively collaborating with other meddlers from other Five Eyes countries and misleading the young of America to believe that America is responsible.
That's why you see here this Canadian guy, Dr. William Mackus, responding to me, but not really responding to me.
In this same thread, when you look for him saying that you should see how many people in the freedom movement want me gone, silence disappeared.
Yeah, right.
That's why people share his work.
That's why he puts out four or five mini sub stack videos a day.
Sometimes it's just absurd how these people claim to be censored or to be pushed down.
What was he doing in 2020?
What was he doing in 2021?
He wasn't using his MD.
And what did he do since he's been on my show?
Did he ever tell anybody that?
No.
Did he ever want to interview me?
He came on my show, but didn't want to talk to me on his show.
And he's a Canadian working with Americans to talk about the shot in the turbo cancers and not look back far enough to realize that murder in America was lied about.
And that's how we got here.
who promotes him as a failed surgeon, which he's not.
So then this is perfect because Robert Malone says, yes, isn't he a failed surgeon?
And then people go and look into the fact that he's not a failed surgeon.
And then, wow, I guess I trust Mac is now.
And in the meantime, in this same thread, I asked him, could you speak out about supplemental oxygen and how that could have been used to get disease progression that was misconstrued as COVID?
And he said, oh, that's not my expertise.
That's also what Jay Bhattacharya said.
He can't evaluate my biology because that's not his expertise.
He's an economist and an epidemiologist, but I should stop attacking Robert Malone.
So I think I'm gonna keep going Just to keep in mind though.
I haven't I just want to remind you of something.
Let me do this.
I Was going through this list here that I showed you earlier That is from the acknowledgements page of the Wuhan cover-up book and in the acknowledgements page whoops
In the acknowledgements page, there are some things to see here in terms of my name and then Gavin DeBecker.
That's Bobby's security guy and best friend.
Meryl Nass, you know.
Francis Boyle, you know.
He's a lawyer from University of Illinois who talks a lot about bioweapons.
Paul Thacker has a wiki.
Brett Weinstein has a wiki.
Lee Smith is a... A lot of these people are authors.
Why I got down here to Annie Jacobson I didn't know who she was and when I was originally reading this I was just saying I she's I think she's pretty good But then then I of course did some you know Look at into all these people and I found out that I'm one of the only people on that list that doesn't have a wiki And and certainly I'm one of the few people on that list that doesn't have several books or or or years of
of experience talking about bioweapons.
So I'm a new guy on that list.
But this lady that I was talking about before, this Annie Jacobson, one of the people that's listed as a reader, actually, oh shoot, that's out of order.
Okay, so let me escape out of here and put this afterward.
And then we'll go back to this current slide.
Yeah So Annie Jacobson was recently on April 2nd 2024 talking about nuclear war With Lex Friedman.
We know that Lex Friedman's a one of theirs You know, he's supposed to be some kind of MIT professor about AI or something like that author Annie Jacobson was also more recently July 10th on Joe Rogan
And she was also on this thing called Diary of a CEO in May of 2023, or a little bit earlier.
And so she has this book where she apparently spent some years investigating the potential for a nuclear winner and what happens when a war happens.
And also we have Kyrgyzstan, of course, doing a little cartoon about it.
This is the now, of course, Bill Gates funded propaganda, excuse me.
Propaganda biology kind of thing where you know at the beginning of the pandemic or before the pandemic It was a pretty good channel, but it very quickly got taken over So why is this cool?
Well, it's it's interesting because she's on Joe Rogan's, you know 2174th podcast for two hours and 50 minutes talking about this stuff I
So it's really, yeah, I mean, you have to see it for what it is.
We are being directed.
We are being told what to pay attention to.
We are being told what questions are interesting and what answers are the most pertinent to discuss.
And I think that, you know, the rest of that list is all people.
who wittingly or unwittingly are participating in this narrative curation by focusing on certain things.
Maybe she's smart enough to understand that RNA cannot pandemic and that gain of function is a mythology, but she is actively encouraged.
Hold on one second, let me let the dog out.
It's hot out there though, you know?
It's cool in here, it's hot out there.
You have to push back in.
But she is actively not questioning, you know, the narrative that needs the most questioning like we are here.
And instead, you know, taking the word of a lot of these people that she interviews when it could just be an illusion of consensus about the potential dangers and what people will do if one goes off or whatever.
So just another example of how this might be done.
This is a more mundane example that I stumbled upon the other day.
But this is a channel called Wildlife Trap 8988, which for some reason or another, I found myself watching a Tucker Carlson video.
that was hosted or posted by this channel.
And when I realized what channel I was watching, I was really curious because it also didn't do very well with putting the right date up there.
So then I started investigating the channel a little bit.
It's got 1.23 million subscribers.
It's got 566 million views and they joined in November 25th, 2020.
So that's a pretty skyrocketing channel where they joined in November, 2022, and already they are up to 1.23 million subscribers with just 380 videos.
Now what I find really interesting about this channel
is that before it decided to post some Tucker Carlson videos, it was really only posting these animal trap videos.
And what's really hilarious is the first animal traps that are on this channel are actually animal traps for a bald eagle.
It's all an illusion, ladies and gentlemen.
YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, it's all an illusion.
And if you even allow yourself for a minute to interact with those platforms and think that somehow, because you're not searching for the truth that they don't want you to know, you're finding out the truth about other stuff that doesn't matter.
That's no.
They're all hamster wheels.
They're all very much the wrong question, even if it seems innocuous.
Why?
Because they need to run out the clock.
You only have so many useful minutes every day.
You only have so many useful minutes to make a three minute short about T cell immunology.
And you only have three or four minutes to do anything else that you want to do before you have to go back to your, the required things every day.
And so social media destroys so many people's lives simply by taking their free time and giving people an excuse to waste it.
What we have on gigaohm.bio is a community of people that talking to each other and sharing information, but there's not an algorithm there.
You can block anybody you want to and pay attention to whoever you want to.
And that's it.
Same with PeerTube.
You don't have to sign in.
There's just videos there.
And when you go looking for more videos, you don't find what YouTube wants you to find or what the X program wants you to read next.
No, no.
You find more videos from me or some videos from Mark or some clips that Jeff from Earth cut.
That's it.
And if you want to find other things, you go other places.
And that's the way it should be.
When you want to get ice cream, you should go to the ice cream shop.
And when you want to get groceries, you should go to a grocery store.
When you need gasoline, you should go to a gas station.
There should be no mire.
There should be no store that has a gas, gasoline and also mattresses and also pets.
And also that is the, the, the real world version of what they want you to think of the internet as, you know, because now that everybody's carrying the, the world in their pocket, and that's the illusion.
Kids are being led to believe that they're carrying in their pocket the world and all they have to do is Google search.
And they have the knowledge of the Library of Alexandria at their fingertips.
No.
And it can really be an effective illusion on Twitter where you think that you are at the cutting edge of these debates because you're following all these intrepid journalists that are posting in real time.
Your feed is curated.
The more interesting you are, the more curated your feed is.
The more you are over the target, the less visible you are.
In fact, you're not visible by anybody.
They don't want to see you.
That's why when you see these analysis pictures, you really see these different bubbles.
Those bubbles aren't spontaneous.
When somebody talks about those, Oh, there's this group of people over here in this group of people over here.
And we're really starting to understand the social dynamics of, no, they are looking at how they have constructed people and gotten them into different aspects of the trap and looking at how people get stuck there.
That's exactly what Alex Karp was talking about when he said, how do we, he was interested in how we know things.
And so they show you this map and they try to make you believe that this is the spontaneous activity of millions of users.
And they congregate into these different groups of people that argue about these different things.
That's a lie.
What they've shown you is how effective their program is at getting people to argue about a list that's only six questions long.
That is what they've done.
And that's also what they do on YouTube, like it or not.
That's what they do on Facebook, like it or not.
And the only way to get away with it would be to go back to a decentralized model where essentially everybody's got a website, everybody's got a webpage where they can chat, or everybody's got a place that they feel comfortable with the moderators where they can chat, and it's completely independent from everything else.
You just share links.
You know, this is a link that a person I like, a link a person I like, that's it.
PeerTube allows me to do that.
Oh, sorry.
Come on, babe.
Relax now.
I'm streaming.
Like you know what that means.
So Robert Malone, the hero in February, 2024, trying to understand their illusion.
Now, why do I think it's important to keep going back to Robert Malone?
Well, my gut tells me that if he can't keep his story straight, then this is probably the place where the narrative will break.
And it's part of the reason why I think a lot of people want us to argue about other people and pay attention to other people.
And I think that just like Soph, the daughter of Sasha Latapova, creates almost certainty that Sasha is not just a patriot, but she's a meddler in American history.
I think it's really important to see that Robert Malone's past and his history and his conduct throughout this timeline is indicative of somebody who has been playing for the other side from the very beginning.
Just in the same way that looking at Lee Minyan's history before the pandemic and her history with her husband and who they worked for,
Um, Mark Kulak has shown that there's a reason to believe that Li Min Yan has been working for them from the very beginning.
And I don't think there's much difference between Robert Malone and Li Min Yan, except Robert Malone didn't fake a Chinese accent.
So let's watch this video.
It's not very long.
Um, and then we'll be done for the day and I'll give my voice a rest.
Hopefully it's going to recover quick.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Rebecca Weber back with you live at CPAC, and I'm thrilled to have with me, joining me now, Dr. Robert Malone, the founder of the Malone Institute, also the original inventor of the platform technology for mRNA.
This doctor has spoken out early on the ethics
He's got two great books, The Lies My Government Told Me and The Better Future Coming.
I'd love for people to check him out on Substack.
You get over a half a million views per day, which is absolutely incredible.
And you can follow Dr. Robert Malone at rwmalonemd.
That's M-A-L-O-N-E.
Dr. Malone, thank you so much.
It's a real joy to have you joining me.
Thanks for having me.
Well, sir, there's so much happening.
The world is unraveling in so many ways.
Here we are just three years since COVID first or we're coming up, I guess, on the fourth year here since COVID was introduced.
Yeah.
And I look at where we were just a few short years ago and where we are today.
For those that are tuning in, so many of our members, over two million strong,
are concerned if they made the right choice to either forego getting the vaccine or getting the booster.
Many are saying, should we have a booster?
And I'd love for you to give your perspective, your opinion on things and how things are looking, because it does seem that COVID itself is no longer as much of a threat as it was.
Perhaps that's just because more and more people have developed some sort of immunity.
But specifically as it relates to the vaccine itself, could you share some insight?
So I'm a vaccinologist.
I've spent my entire career, held multiple positions in industry, nonprofits, supporting the government in this area of biodefense and vaccine development and vaccine technology.
And as a young man working at the Salk Institute in the molecular virology laboratories,
I had a series of discoveries that led to the foundation technology for the mRNA product.
So I understand this space.
He had a series of discoveries that we've heard him describe as him just teaching an embryology course and he just happened to put some of this stuff in and found out that it worked and then he published it.
So interesting discovery.
It is a discovery.
That's how discoveries are made.
Um, it's just, yeah.
I've been at the forefront of, uh, helping companies and the government respond to, I think, five different outbreaks.
So I'm very familiar with biodefense outbreaks and infectious disease product development vaccines.
The important thing in evaluating any vaccine is the risk benefit for you.
not the risk-benefit for the entire population, not the risk-benefit for children, but the risk-benefit for you because you're the one that has to make the decision about whether or not to take the vaccine.
Now, of course, you can already see that the risk-benefit ratio that he's talking about assumes the existence of COVID, assumes that there is a different risk for different people depending on their background or their race or maybe their age.
whether they're obese or not.
But the whole idea is that he's hinting at a whole battery of questions that are completely all questions which accept the presupposition of the narrative, which is that there's a novel virus and we all agree on that.
There's a novel virus, we all agree on that.
There was a novel sickness, so we all agree on that.
That's another way of expressing that some people, like Sasha Latupova, will express it.
There was a novel sickness, and I'm not convinced of that yet.
I'm really not, but anyway, let's keep going.
And so, as we're talking to a more elderly cohort, which I'm a member of, I'm not a spring chicken either,
It's important to think about what are the data about your risk of both the infectious disease and the product.
All pharmaceutical products, all vaccines have risk.
If you drink too much water, there's risk.
There's a fundamental principle in vaccinology and pharmacology.
Wow, that's funny because I think that, you know who else has used that exact argument?
Paul Offit.
Paul Offit has used that exact argument to say that anything is dangerous, all things have risk, anything can be toxic.
And this is, of course, a very disingenuous position to take.
Robert Malone is absolutely positively a liar.
And again, given what
he knew before the pandemic, and given how that information did not change, his foundational biological understanding of how transformation and transfection in healthy animals is not a good idea wasn't changed because he made a phone call to Jeremy Marks at the FDA.
And Jeremy Marks winked at him and said, oh no, man, we got your back.
This stuff is good.
And it wasn't his foundational biological knowledge about transformation and transfections usefulness or lack of usefulness wasn't fundamentally changed because Peter Cullis told him, no, we solved that localization problem.
That is a lie.
And that is fundamentally the lie that he tells every time and is the consistent lie from 2021 all the way up until now.
It's the idea that the only reason why the expert who knew that these things were dangerous many, many years ago, and that's why he kind of let the patents just go.
And that's kind of why Merck, who took the patents, or whoever took the patents from him, wasn't able to make anything with these technologies, is because there's a fundamental weakness of transfection and transformation when it comes to a long-living, healthy animal.
You can't use it to augment their immune system.
You just cannot.
It's a great investigational tool.
It's a great experimental tool for trying to understand the fundamentals of protein function, or is trying to understand a particular physiological metabolic pathway.
But the idea of augmenting a healthy immune system of an animal or a human using transformation and transfection has always been dumb.
And this guy, given his unique position with the intellectual property, has always known
It's dumb.
And so if Peter Cullis really did, as he says, say that, nah, we solved that problem, his first reaction should have been incredible skepticism.
But instead, apparently he just went out and got the shots because he needed them to travel anyway, even though his good buddy, uh, Steven Hatfield says that when they went to Rome together, neither of them had a vax card.
So something doesn't jive because he also told Brett Weinstein that that he had long COVID and that was another reason why he took the shot because people told him that the shot might be helpful with long COVID.
And so let's see if he keeps his arms straight here and tells that story again because we know his stories.
We've, we've, we've,
We've study hauled hours and hours of this man's stories, and his stories have not remained consistent from Paul Cottrell's podcast, to Tommy's podcast, to Tommy's podcast, to Tommy's podcast, to Shannon Joy's podcast, to Tommy's podcast, to a thing like this.
And those inconsistencies are evidence that like Mark Twain said, if you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
And the converse is, is that if you're lying, you've got a lot of stuff to remember.
Everything has some degree of risk.
The question is how big is the risk of the product and the type of risk and how big is the risk of the thing that you're trying to protect against?
Let me illustrate the point.
If you have cancer,
and you only have two years to live.
You might be willing to take a product that would give you an extra year of life, but if you happen to live for eight years, it might cause some other kind of cancer.
That might be a good trade-off.
Depends on your disease and... Is he suggesting that transfection in really old people for pneumonia or shingles might be a good idea, but if you're like, you know, 60, maybe not?
Is he suggesting that there is a, you know, a thing where old people are so close to death that even transfection might be useful for them?
Stop lying.
You should be informed of what those risks are so that you can make decisions together with your doctor about whether or not taking this product makes sense to you.
So all the way through, beginning in the very early days.
So this is a guy not telling you anything useful.
which is very different than what I'm trying to do, which is to say that if you have a healthy grandmother, you don't want a transfector.
If you have a healthy grandfather, you don't want a transfector.
If you have a healthy kid, you don't want to vaccinate them.
And I'm just gonna say it out loud because it doesn't seem like these people are able to say it so succinctly.
We need to return strict liability to all pharmaceutical products and we need to stop the vaccine schedule in America until the criminal enterprise that it is, is exposed to the most people possible.
What's the problem?
What is the problem?
Is there something here in the tree?
Where are the little ones?
Little punk?
I think it's okay now if she's already talking smack.
Sorry about that.
For instance, I had a teleconference with Nancy Pelosi early on in which I pleaded with her to get the CDC
to stratify the risk of SARS-CoV-2.
So this ultra conservative homesteader has the phone number of Nancy Pelosi?
I never heard this story before.
That's cool.
Wow.
Doctor, about whether or not taking this product makes sense to you.
So all the way through, beginning in the very early days, for instance, I had a teleconference with Nancy Pelosi early on, in which I pleaded with her to get the CDC
to stratify the risk of SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19 by age, so that we would know what is the risk for a young child, what's the risk for a average middle-aged person, what's the risk for an elderly person?
Because that's necessary to make decisions, not about the whole population, we're not CDC, but about your risk, whether or not you should take this product,
And so the thing about it that I find funny is that he's being very imprecise.
And what risk are we talking about?
Are we talking about the risk of the novel pathogen?
Or are we talking about the risk of transformation and transfection?
Maybe even the combination of transformation and transfection, depending on how these combinations of products were administered.
He's being incredibly imprecise on purpose to make it possible for everybody to hear what they need to hear.
It's absolutely malevolent.
What is the risk for a young child?
What's the risk for a average middle-aged person?
What's the risk for an elderly person?
Because that's necessary to make decisions.
He absolutely did just do a podcast with
with uh and just before that actually eric weinstein did a podcast with shanahan that's not a joke like three days ago or four days ago and then now him it's crazy not about the whole population we're not cdc but about your risk whether or not you should take this product it almost feels like he's repeating something data seem to indicate
that the risk of the vaccine was much lower than the risk of SARS-CoV-2 in an elderly population.
The elderly absolutely, particularly the very old and obese, people with diabetes, certain types of cancers, immunosuppressive conditions, these were the people at highest risk for death from SARS-CoV-2.
And then as time went on and we accumulated more and more data about the vaccines and the safety of the vaccines, to my evaluation, I used to suggest that children should not take these vaccines because they're at very low risk for death and disease from COVID.
See, so that's interesting.
They shouldn't take these vaccines because the
COVID is not that dangerous for little kids.
That's a very different argument than saying transformation and transfection in healthy children is dumb.
In fact, it's the perfect bar to line because if the virus is dangerous for kids, then I guess transfection and transformation in kids would be totally okay.
That's the exact argument he's still making here in February of 2024.
That's how malevolent the position that we are in is and how malevolent these people are.
This is not a man who came in on a white horse to save us.
This is a man who coordinated a bunch of meddlers to make sure that we couldn't save ourselves.
But the elderly, it still seemed to be the case early on.
that the elderly were partially protected and at highest risk, and they should probably go ahead and continue to get the vaccines.
Now we have a lot more data about the risks of the vaccines.
And to my eye, what those data show is that when you stratify the risk of the vaccine and stratify the risk of SARS-CoV-2 by age,
Unfortunately, the risks of the vaccine increase as you get elderly.
As you get older, the risks of the vaccine increase, and the risks of COVID increases.
And is it possible that the inventor of this didn't already suspect that?
That transfecting a weaker, older animal would even, the possibility of damage would even be higher?
The resilience of, the recovery possibility of?
of a elderly person or an elderly animal would be necessarily worse than a young animal?
Is that something that biologically he couldn't imagine until they had the data?
Even though he invented this technology and started by playing around with it as he was a TA in an embryology class all those many years ago?
When they started with this technology, it was already causing problems in the animal models.
And he makes the claim that he was the first guy to think that it was the immune system.
So why in the world would it be okay to augment the immune system using transfection and transformation at any age?
And yet here he is arguing that it actually, the shot is more dangerous for old people than it is for young people.
What an interesting conflict then, because if the shot is less dangerous for young people than it is for old people, but old people have more danger from the COVID than the young people do, then it's kind of like, well, what do we do then?
That's a very, that's a very tough equation.
It all depends on whether or not the New York Times tells us the right or not.
It's really disturbing.
So then it's kind of a race.
It's a balance.
You know, which one increases more?
Does it really make sense?
What's your risk and what's your benefit?
And unfortunately, the data that I've seen suggest that the risk of the vaccine is greater
than the risk of the SARS-CoV-2 disease, even in the elderly.
This is so interesting.
And what I find fascinating and almost mind boggling is that this seems like lots of common sense here.
You have a tremendous background.
It absolutely is to get elderly people to accept the idea that a vaccination schedule for them is something that's going to be normal.
because these mRNA vaccines can protect them from shingles and from pneumonia and from RSV and from flu.
And so they're gonna get transfected three or four times a year if they submit to this kind of narrative.
And that narrative is now being perpetuated by this person as well.
Because there's a risk benefit here for pneumonia and there's a risk benefit here for RSV and for shingles.
And that's why my friend at my gym is now retiring because he has such debilitating pain in his head and in his neck that he can't sleep anymore because of a shingle shot that his doctor told him that he needed that was based on MRNA.
Once you see that this guy is part of a criminal group,
of people that worked with the national security state to convince us of a novel virus and convince us of a novel disease that needed novel treatments.
Once you see him for who he is, everybody who promotes him, everybody who has been promoted by him, everybody that traveled around the world with him, everybody that was on stage with him at a COVID summit was already pre-screened
was already part of this show.
It can be no other way, witting or unwitting, anybody that has been promoted on stage by him is part of this show.
And at some point, if they didn't figure it out yet,
That's an admission because listen to this man here in this interview from 2024 and compare what he's saying to what he said with his meek little self when he was on the, the Brett Weinstein podcast, and then compare it to what he said in 2017 and look how nervous he is on the Brett Weinstein podcast about taking the spotlight at that point in time in American history.
He's not happy to be doing it.
It's not because he's afraid he's going to get killed.
It's not because he's afraid he's, he's, you know, losing all of his business connections.
It's because he's afraid he's going to screw it up because the narrative was so off the rails that people had not taken enough of the transfections.
that they needed somebody like Robert Malone to step out and take the spotlight, to get attention, to be a shiny object that everybody could pay attention to, to coordinate the establishment of the international COVID summits, the establishment of the FLCCC, the establishment of the American frontline doctors for which at some point in time, he was in front of each.
This is not by mistake.
This is because DITRA or BARDA or DARPA or DOD was charged with narrative control and he's one of the people.
You understand your research, you understand medicine.
After all, you are the original inventor of this platform technology of mRNA.
Why is it that ordinary folks that want to have this discussion are somehow shamed in American society and that, you know,
Platforms such as YouTube and Google and such want to shut down this conversation entirely We're just looking for truth.
We're looking to educate the American more than that.
You're you're looking for informed consent It's your right to be fully informed about the risks of a medical product that you would accept if you go to the doctor And so he's gonna emphasize here and listen very carefully as I explain what he's doing here informed consent
is the ability to say no, done.
Instead, what he's gonna tell you is that informed consent is that they had to tell you more than they told you.
And since they didn't tell it to you, they shouldn't have made you take it.
They shouldn't have lied about it.
They shouldn't have had, they should have been straightforward with you before you made that decision.
Instead of actually telling people what informed consent is.
Just like Aaron Siri can get in front of Congress and not use the words strict and liability together as one idea.
Or get on Twitter and do a space where he doesn't say, very simply, the vaccine schedule in America by my estimation is criminal and we should restore all strict liability to all pharmaceutical products and the whole problem will go away.
Just like Robert Malone is not gonna say that informed consent is the ability to say no, stop.
he's going to say informed consent is, you know, they didn't tell you stuff.
They should have told you stuff because then you're informed.
So he's talking about the informed part instead of the, you know, ability to choose not to do it, the voluntary aspect of it.
These actually misleading you, even though he's supposed to be a bioethics expert.
And, you know, in an elderly cohort, they're well aware of colonoscopy.
And they remember that when they go for their routine colonoscopy as an elderly person, which you should have.
Your physician or surgeon or gastroenterologist will read you a set of, a statement about what the potential risks are of colonoscopy, and you have to agree to those risks before they will do the procedure.
That's called informed consent.
They're obligated to be fully open and transparent about what your risks are.
But in the case of these products, that has not happened.
In fact, the government has actively blocked disclosure of important information about risk.
It's not the government that did it.
It's social media that did it.
See, so they want you to get mad at the government for having told social media to do it.
But social media didn't have principles.
And if you realize that the social media platforms are themselves the fifth generation warfare that Robert Malone says we're never going to figure out,
then blaming the government for social media censorship is... Arguing about the government, stopping free speech, telling social media to censor people is... That is part of the illusion.
That's part of the program that you're on, on the matrix.
that if they would just let us have social media without the controls and without the censorship, social media would be the mainstream square or the town hall that everybody needs.
That's what Bobby Kennedy is currently arguing, and Robert Malone is arguing, and Kevin McKernan argued from the very beginning of the pandemic that this discussion is happening on Twitter, and that now that Elon Musk has taken over, we all agree that Twitter is much better.
And so we're again being told that it's the government meddling in social media that has resulted in
in our problems, and so we're supposed to vote somebody else in office instead of acknowledging that social media has been militarized against us because of national security priorities that this guy is covering up, that this guy is a part of.
national security priorities that include the American populace and the Western world accepting transformation and transfection as a flawed, but soon to be perfect sort of pharmaceutical platform for the treatment of elderly people.
And eventually the vaccine schedule for kids will also be only transformation.
Of course it will be, but there are no rush.
Right now, they are getting away with this criminal vaccine schedule in America by keeping the focus on transfection and transformation that nobody's even using anymore.
Like myocarditis, this is well documented.
We have detailed timelines of how Rochelle Walensky and others have chosen
to not disclose about risks to the general population under the belief system that these vaccines are safe and effective.
Remember, how many times have you heard safe and effective?
Safe and effective, okay?
That's called neurolinguistic programming.
That's a form of mind control.
When you're given these... That's neurolinguistic programming?
Repeating very simple phrases over and over again?
I'm like, where do you want me to start with that lie?
I mean, he's so knowledgeable that he's actually teaching the average person what neuro-linguistic programming is.
Stop lying!
Wow.
Simple statements again and again and again.
That's, they get into your brain.
and they prevent you from actually asking critical questions, which you should be doing because it's your body.
So we still don't have any of those critical questions because of course he's the expert who says that those critical questions include the risk benefit between the disease and the transfection and transformation, which he still hasn't said is inappropriate for healthy humans, but it is.
It's completely criminal in healthy humans.
Yes.
It's your health.
It's your right to know.
Hey, but the government has actively your right to say no, not your right to know what they are coercing you to take, but it is your right to say no.
And if you want someone to be able to exercise informed consent, that's the way you have to say it.
If you get read your Miranda rights and they don't say you have the right to remain silent, you have the right to an attorney, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
then how would you know your rights?
And if you're saying informed consent is all of this stuff that they didn't tell you, then you're not really saying that you have a right to remain silent.
You have a right to an attorney.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law is a very succinct statement about what you can and can't do, what will happen if you say stuff, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
Informed consent should be very simply that if you don't feel
informed enough, you can say no.
Done.
That's it.
We don't need a list of what they should have told you.
And if they told you all those things, then informed consent would have happened.
You need to be told that you can say no, and it has to be a no that isn't compromising to your wellbeing.
If saying no means that you can't raise money for your family anymore, if saying no means that you lose your tenure position, then again, you're not able to exercise informed consent.
If they told you everything, but you still can't say no because of the economic or social social pressures that are on TV and social media, then it's still not informed consent.
And he is not telling people this.
He's not telling the college kids that the messages that were on posters at universities are part of this coercion and part of this violation of your ability to exercise informed consent.
The posters with students with, with masks and encouraging testing.
These were all part of the coercive measures that were used to fool our young people at a time when he wasn't speaking out.
and are still being used to fool people because he's still not usefully speaking out.
He's still asking the same terrible questions that play right in to the pandemic narrative and the botched and imperfect response to it.
I mean, it didn't hurt everybody.
Some old people were protected.
I mean, it does protect, but it also hurts.
Because that's the way all medicine is.
All medicine protects and hurts.
That's, you know, even water.
Stop lying.
Restricted your ability to know.
They have controlled the information.
Matter of fact, there's an agreement between the U.S.
government and the British government that both will suppress information about vaccine risks.
OK, so what has happened is that a
a group of technologies and capabilities having to do with censorship and what's called cognitive warfare, or you can think of it as a form of media hypnosis that was developed to prevent Russian disinformation affecting elections.
has been turned on the civilian population.
So the government has a very, very well-developed toolkit and interface with all the social media companies, and they have used that to suppress any discussion about vaccine risks or harms.
And that's why you're not allowed to, is because the government doesn't want you to discuss those things.
Just like they will censor anybody who's had a vaccine injury from talking about it, and they will censor groups that have been set up on Facebook.
Those groups will be deleted and deplatformed.
That's by intention.
And it's basically wrapped up in the idea the government thinks they know what's best for you.
And we see this in so many areas of our lives.
Says a guy who's been working for the government his whole life.
I mean, it's laughable.
And I think that, you know, it's not the way we want to think.
It's not the way we want to view our government.
We want to have some level of trust.
And I think that's why a lot of people
do have this cognitive dissonance around these issues.
They'll try to find ways to justify why they're thinking the way they're thinking, because to face the truth is so difficult and so hard, and it's almost impossible to wrap your mind around it.
Quick question before I move on to your books.
I want to talk a little bit about your books, but there are young families that... See, she can't see that he did it.
She can't see that from 2021 onward from his, his, his public facing appearances, his book release, he didn't save anyone.
He actually made the clock, uh, you know, ran the clock out to where we are now.
And he's still not saying anything useful.
And she's not sophisticated enough to hear that because probably in 2022, she was still just watching regular TV.
She hadn't found Brett Weinstein or Robert Malone yet.
That's where we are, ladies and gentlemen.
That's the scary part.
...out there who are being pressured to vaccinate their children before they can send them off to school.
The schools are saying... Before they're pressured, in many cases, they're required.
Correct.
And most of the top drawer universities still require the full series of SARS-CoV-2 vaccination.
So what should people do when their own conscience says this doesn't feel right?
I don't want to do this.
This is a tough time in America.
It sure is.
You know, personally, as an employer, I told my people we are not mandating a vaccine.
You know, that was I was able to do that by the grace of God.
I was in a position where I could do that for my people.
I'm going back.
Own conscience said.
The top drawer universities still require the full series of SARS-CoV-2 vaccination.
And so why isn't he saying that that's criminal?
Why isn't he saying that that's dumb?
Why isn't he saying that I feel bad because I didn't save those people from a life of myocarditis?
Why isn't he apologizing for not coming out in 2021 when he should have?
When Peter Cullis told him the bullshit story about how they'd solved the localization problem.
When Jeremy Marks lied to him and said that they have pretty good data that looks really good and you should trust the shot.
Why is he not apologizing for being so dumb?
Instead, he's still talking like for some college kids, there is a risk benefit ratio that needs to be calculated.
And that it may or may not be justified for these administrations in these different universities to still mandate these products.
He can't say it in 2024, because he is part of this criminal enterprise, this national security operation,
The same as Pierre Corey, the same as Jessica Rose, the same as Ahmed Malik, the same as all these people who have been meddling with us for three years, probably closer to four and a half years by now with a lot of these players.
It's just that they started to run out of thread.
And that's why they've all woven together now.
with Andy Kaufman on Steve Kirsch's podcast and Robert Malone talking about Sasha Latapova on Steve Kirsch's podcast.
And all of this stuff is happening because the narrative is unraveling because these liars, if you see them for what they are, they are exposed forever.
Anybody that sees this video will see that he's a liar.
Anybody that comes to PeerTube of Gigaohm Biological and spends any time there at all will find out that this person and many of those people I just mentioned are liars with a consistent track record of lying for four and a half years.
What should people do when their own conscience says this doesn't feel right?
I don't want to do this.
This is a tough time in America.
It sure is.
You know, personally, as an employer, I told my people we are not mandating a vaccine.
You know, that was I was able to do that by the grace of God.
I was in a position where I could do that for my people.
But there are young people who are being their back is up against the wall.
What kind of message or message of hope might you give to people?
that might encourage them in some way.
Go to a different university.
Well, hope is a different thing.
In terms of your conscience, your rights are to control your body.
You have the right to control any medical procedure or drug that's administered to your body.
Control?
How come he doesn't say you have the right to say no?
Don't give up that right.
It's a thing.
It's a difficult right and wrong decision.
I made a wrong decision.
I accepted the first two doses of Moderna and I was damaged.
I still have heart damage from having done that.
Now I rationalized it because I needed to travel.
and you couldn't travel internationally unless you had the jab.
I also had long COVID because I was in the first wave of infection with the original strain, the Wuhan 1 strain in Boston.
I was in Boston and I got very, very sick, thought I was going to die.
And I developed long COVID.
longstanding, and I had risk factors.
I was more obese then.
I had prediabetes.
And I had this long-term syndrome.
And it was talked about in government circles and on social media that if you took the jab, it might help you with your long COVID.
I also had talked to a variety of my colleagues.
Remember, I'm a specialist in this.
But I had gotten out of the field in the 90s, late 90s.
But I talked to colleagues and they said the problems that I had found in the 90s had been overcome.
I talked to the individual, Peter Marks, at the FDA.
What are those problems?
Was the problem localization?
Or was the problem just the, you know, aberrant activation of the immune system by transfection and transformation?
What's the problem that he found years ago?
that was specifically responsible for Operation Warp Speed and for licensing these vaccines.
And he told me there was nothing to worry about.
But I accepted the product, as have many, and I was harmed from it.
I have not taken anything more than booster number two.
But even somebody that knows as much as I know was convinced by the lies that were put out about this product.
And I made a mistake, so we can all make mistakes.
But if you're a young person, particularly, facing these decisions, be aware that you are in the highest risk group, particularly young males, for having heart damage from these products.
There's just a paper that just came out in the jury.
Yes.
He said booster number two.
That's what he said I don't really understand if that's what he means because he originally said that he took the first two shots But now he just said he just said booster number two journal called vaccine It was CDC funded They didn't to the tune of ten million dollars
an international consortium that took government data and hospital data from across the world.
99 million people analyzed that data and has proven
that all these data under-report the risks, and yet still it was clear that the vaccines have a major risk for myocarditis, pericarditis, central venous thrombosis, that's blood clots in your brain, Guillain-Barre syndrome, this is neurologic syndrome, central nervous inflammation, a variety of other diseases, okay?
So this is proven now.
uh... in if you're a young person you're at the highest risk but if you're a young male that includes young adults up to thirty five you're at highest risk for myocarditis now they told you a lie they said the myocarditis is transitory and mild it's not they did none of the aberrant
augmentations of your immune system.
None of the aberrant activation of your immune system by transfection or transformation is going to be something that's temporary.
You can say that myocarditis isn't temporary, but that's not being honest.
None of the effects that would be downstream from transformation and transfection done intramuscularly are not reversible.
That's not
Number one, because we don't know, we've never done this in humans to any great degree, but what we know from animals is certainly not reversible, just like any other exposure to toxin or any other exposure to something like this would be irreversible.
Expressing a foreign protein and letting your body decide what to do about it is an irreversible process.
It's just like saying, I'm gonna pause puberty for a couple years with a toxin.
That doesn't work.
You can't just decide, Oh, I guess I am a boy after all, and go off the pills and then have your body just catch up to normal.
That's not how this works.
So causing, calling them puberty blockers is just as stupid as calling transfection and transformation a vaccine.
Because vaccines are a combination of substances that are injected intramuscularly with the intent of augmenting the immune system.
And they were already dumb.
But now we're talking about transforming and transfecting people's cells and potentially all over their body in random places, which is compoundingly dumb when compared to the injection of recombinant proteins and some adjuvant.
Am I making myself clear?
Just because they say that the lipids and RNA are in your cells, so transformation and transfection is no more dangerous than they're just all things that are already inside of you.
This lie is just as ridiculous.
It's worse.
They have to be worse than injecting a recombinant protein plus adjuvant into your muscle.
They by definition have to be worse.
And so they had to use placebo batches.
Otherwise, everybody that was transfected would have been injured and would have known.
That's my argument that I haven't really made until right now.
But that's what I think is the reason why placebo batches are so important to understand.
Nobody can be transfected without, you know, the gun, all the barrels in the gun are loaded.
And if you put that gun up to your head, you're gonna get hit.
And if you transfect or transform yourself with a hot thing, then your immune system is going to do something and you're not going to be able to reverse it.
If it's small thing that it does, then maybe you get lucky, but there is zero possibility that something doesn't happen.
Zero.
Unlike if you inject toxins and a recombinant protein, it is possible that your body will ignore and get rid of the toxin and the proteins and not really make any autoimmunity at all.
It's possible.
But I am making the argument, and I think that Robert Malone has known this for 20 years, it is impossible for you to transfect a human, a healthy animal,
with a foreign protein at any level can know that that animal is going to be okay.
In fact, you can be certain that the augmentation of the immune system will be permanent and that it's likely to hurt the animal.
They didn't know the data then.
They had no right to say that.
That was another lie.
They didn't have enough time, just like they didn't have enough time to know whether or not these products were safe in pregnancy.
They told all of us they were safe in pregnancy.
They told us the myocarditis was short-term and mild and transient.
But why would they tell us it's safe in pregnancy?
Because as Mark Kulak and others have argued, that's part of the inversion that they want to have happen here.
Before the pandemic,
You weren't supposed to put most cosmetics on your face if you were a pregnant woman.
You weren't supposed to eat raw fish.
You weren't supposed to eat unpasteurized cheese.
The list is nearly endless.
And yet now we're talking about transfecting pregnant women.
transfecting pregnant women.
And of course, pregnancy at the time when a young human is developing in the womb is the time when the most catastrophic things can go wrong.
The most catastrophic derailments of developmental processes can happen the earlier in development that they are derailed.
And so the most devastating childhood diseases are those that derail a physiological process very early in development.
And if you derail the development of an embryo early enough, then you will essentially cause an abortion.
And the idea of him being an embryo, that's actually the most hilarious part, is that he admitted the other day that he tested this mRNA idea that he had on embryos that he had in an embryology course that he was teaching.
And so he transfected developing animals and saw that there was protein production, but never once thought about what would happen if I let that frog become a frog.
What would happen if I let that chick embryo become a full chick?
He just showed that protein expression occurred and then called that a discovery.
Even though we know that the transfected Xenopus oocytes would have never grown up to be frogs, we know that those chicks would not have grown up to be chicks.
because the transfection would have derailed their development.
Yes, you can see the protein expressed.
That doesn't mean that it didn't have any effect on development.
And so the idea that now we're saying, well, we don't know yet if transfection is safe in pregnant women is so malevolent and dark because of course we know it's inappropriate.
We shouldn't expose a pregnant woman to any form of toxicity.
We should not expose the developing human to any form of toxicity.
We should be providing the most abundant of nutrients and whatever.
Optimizing everything does not involve vaccination.
And that was before the pandemic.
Giving people the flu shot while they were pregnant was always criminal.
And they were doing that before the pandemic.
It's criminal.
It is criminal to give a pregnant woman a vaccine intramuscularly or any other way, but intramuscularly is how they do it.
And none of these people are saying it.
And we need to say it.
Just like we need to say the childhood vaccine schedule is criminal in America.
It's just criminal, that's it.
We need to say that this is an illusion.
This whole idea that there's a question to be asked of whether or not pregnant women are safe, safely transformed or transfected is in and of itself the malevolent lie that this guy is on the stage to tell.
But now the data are in, it's not.
That was a lie.
And we see these cancers, it seems.
I personally have witnessed a number of people within my small group of folks that I know that have come down with all kinds of strange cancers, even lost an associate at a very young age from a very, six weeks, fine one day, 34-year-old woman, gone in six weeks.
rapid lymphoma of some sort.
So the term that my colleague Ryan Cole came up with, who's a highly qualified pathologist, is turbo cancers.
Yeah.
And this is right out on the edge of current knowledge.
And what's... So I got a little message here.
So number one, remember that Malone was a leader in promoting a Zika virus vaccine that was a transfection.
And remember that Tony Fauci is on film saying that we needed to vaccinate pregnant women for Zika.
And now we've looked at many years ago, we looked at a video of Mark Warby, Mike Warby, what's his name?
Mike Warby, I think.
He's this guy who did these flu studies and an analysis of the flu data from China, which showed that the flu variant that you are exposed to as a child, you are completely immune to dying from as an adult.
And then in that discussion, very related to this, he was talking about how well they asked him from the audience, you know, what does this mean?
Doesn't this mean that vaccination is kind of silly because your body is making these memories so early in life that, doesn't that mean we have to push vaccination really far back?
And he says, well, yeah, I guess we would, if we were really going to augment this kind of memory, we would have to augment it at or before birth.
And so there is a general agreement that transfection and transformation that, you know, under the rubric of vaccination is appropriate in pregnant women, which means it's appropriate for developing babies, developing humans in the womb, which before this pandemic was the most sacred of sacred things.
The thing that needed the most protecting.
Can you think of any more despicable thing you could do to a fellow human than punching a pregnant woman in her stomach?
Can you imagine anything that would be more atrocious than that?
And yet now we're just casually for the last five or 10 years, we've been talking about transfecting pregnant women to augment their and their developing fetuses immune system.
Stop lying!
It's extraordinary.
These observations that you and pathologists and surgical oncologists are making seems to be fairly widespread, but there isn't really solid, randomized, peer-reviewed research yet
documenting this.
There's a lot of disincentives to even say what you just said.
That's not allowed to be said.
I understand.
And positions that say those words get attacked.
But in some cases, it's the actual pharmaceutical sponsors that are behind those attacks, surreptitiously by hiring agents on social media, et cetera, to make these attacks on people.
So we can't yet say for sure that there is a correlation, but we do know that there are data demonstrating that these products
have characteristics and components that could plausibly cause those kinds of cancers.
We have these observations of these kinds of cancers.
So we're kind of in a position where it walks like a duck and it quacks.
What components?
So you hear how the mystery is still being laid out.
We do know that.
We're still incrementally.
He's titrating the truth.
There are aspects of these products.
These are components of these products.
What?
It's not the fundamental biological principles that they're violating.
It's not the fundamentally dumb idea of augmenting the immune system by transformation and transfection.
It's parts and parts of the products.
Do you hear it?
This is malevolent.
But in some cases, it's the actual pharmaceutical sponsors that are behind those attacks.
Pharmaceutical sponsors are behind the attacks.
They're attacking him too.
Wow.
Wouldn't that be interesting to say that he's not part of it at all?
He's a victim of it.
Just like Brett Weinstein is a victim of it.
Just like all these people are victims of the censorship, the government censorship, such victims.
surreptitiously by hiring agents on social media, et cetera, to make these attacks on people.
Hiring agents on social media, they would never do that.
Would they, would pharmaceutical companies do that?
Or would the national security state like BARDA do that to make sure that they could get closer to 100% compliance?
Would the national security state do that to make sure that we took Nathan Wolf and Peter Daszak and Tony Fauci seriously as experts?
as putting people in danger with their meddling.
Which would they do?
Would they hire people to attack doctors telling the truth?
Or would they get a little more complicated than that and hire people to control the limited spectrum of debate on all sides?
This is nothing more than the mythology being given to you spoon fed by one of the most egregious violators of our ability to exercise informed consent, which of course includes saying no.
So we can't yet say for sure,
that there is a correlation, but we do know that there are data demonstrating that these products have characteristics and components that could plausibly cause those kinds of cancers.
We have these observations of these kinds of cancers.
It's not the mechanism, it's the components.
Do you hear that?
That's part of the lie.
So we're kind of in a position where it walks like a duck and it quacks like a duck, but we can't yet definitively say that it's a duck.
Yeah.
I want to talk a little bit about your books.
One of them, Lies My Government Told Me, and the second book, The Better Future.
Actually, that's the title.
That's the whole title.
Oh, the whole title.
The second book we're working on right now is about psychological warfare in rogue government.
OK, so folks, it's so important because you you are a genius.
You've got so much great information.
I want to encourage people.
Follow Dr. Robert Malone.
You can follow him at R.W.
Malone, M.D.
You're putting out so much great stuff.
Tell us about this book.
Lies.
My government told me the better future coming.
So this is published by Sky.
Did he just mouth that while she was saying it?
That was really weird.
Watch that.
W Malone, MD.
You're putting out so much great stuff.
Tell us about this book, Lies My Government Told Me, The Better Future Coming.
So this is published by Skyhorse.
It was Tony Lyons.
It was kind of a follow-on to the Bobby Kim.
Tony Lyons is one of the advisors to Bobby.
He also does Skyhorse Publishing, which publishes all of CHD's books.
CHD has its own moniker or whatever, but that's their publisher.
So if they put something out under the CHD label, it's put out by Skyhorse.
And so again, one of the reasons why I think I was fired from CHD was because I spoke out against Robert Malone and because they're selling Robert Malone's book and that the prophets go to Skyhorse and CHD, then you can see what's happening here, right?
That if I say that Robert Malone is a meddler, that I say that Robert Malone's a bad guy, then they're selling the book of a bad guy.
And so they had to let me go.
They tried to trick me by saying they were removing him from the reader list of the book, but that didn't matter.
He's still way up there.
He's still a phone call away.
And so it could be that Bobby, because he's never lied to me, Bobby has never lied to me.
He's just, you know, sometimes, I don't know, just taking the word of other people.
And if you look at that whole list of people on that list of experts, I don't have a book.
I don't have all these, you know, Wikipedia that says I did that or this, or I didn't work in this part of the government or that part of the government.
I didn't write five books about this part of that part.
I'm just some dude.
And so it's not really surprising in my mind that Robert F. Kennedy doesn't understand what's going on.
I don't necessarily believe that he's a good guy or a bad guy.
I'm just saying that from the pattern of behavior, Robert Malone has lied to me.
His wife has kind of lied to me.
Jessica Rose is a liar.
These people are liars that I know and have confirmed with interaction, but Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
never lied to me.
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is not the one who fired me from CHD because he wasn't working for CHD at that time.
It was Mary Holland.
And so it's very easy now to see what's going on here if he's gonna promote Bobby and all this other stuff.
And if you see this really curious video that Brett Weinstein put out on his own YouTube or on his own Twitter,
where he's in front of a water and he's just got a camera and he says, I think that in order to bring unity to the United States, Donald Trump has to choose Robert F. Kennedy for his vice president.
An extraordinary thing to say right after the shooting and so quickly and so loudly.
The same guy, right, who brought Robert Malone out at the beginning of his dissident career in 2021.
The same guy who is selling Robert Malone's book or his former organization.
You see, it's not bizarre once you see it.
Once you see that Brett and Eric Weinstein's father was in the Department of Justice of Robert F. Kennedy,
then you see why it is that we don't talk about their dads working together ever.
Not even if they have a three hour podcast together, they don't talk about their fact that their dads work together.
They don't talk about the fact that Brett's dad is an IP lawyer.
Who's maybe one of the most highly paid arbitrators of biological patent law in the United States that he was, that he was intimately connected to the development of, and the formation of the FDA way back when.
These are not coincidences.
These are things that you only know because of me or because of Mark.
And without the two of us bouncing ideas off of one another and inspiring each other to look in different dark corners, none of these basic ideas would even be knowledge.
No one would know the extent to which the background of Li Min Yan exposes her as a meddler unless Mark had done the work that he had done.
And I don't think anyone would know the extent to which this guy is an obvious meddler if I didn't continue to do the work that I'm doing by pointing out the biological incongruencies that this guy spouts like a fire hose for four years.
Kennedy book, originally, The Real Anthony Fauci, which I helped edit.
Bobby's a friend.
Tony Lyons, the publisher, is a friend.
And he encouraged me to write this book, as did Steve Bannon.
Uh, and, uh, it's, it's a, basically the origin of the book is.
Steve Bannon, the guy who says that Li Min Yan should be a citizen so she can run for Senate.
Li Min Yan, the hero of the world.
My wife and I write a daily substack.
So you can find that at rwmalonemd.substack.com.
So daily essay that comes into your email.
You don't have to pay for it if you don't want to.
And in that we started really on a daily basis to document the lies we were encountering and tried to make sense out of what was happening to us.
Beginning basically around the time of just before the Joe Rogan podcast that became so popular.
And right after the Brett Weinstein Dark Horse podcast where Steve Kirsch and Brett and I talked about the jabs.
And so we started putting out these- And also about how if we just gave everybody ivermectin for 30 days, we'd get back to zero COVID.
Or maybe it was that and silicoxib or something, right?
Essays on a daily basis and then had encouragement that we should write a book.
And so we decided to kind of serialize the book.
And so that became the basis for the chapters.
And what it really is is a real-time account of our journey trying to make sense out of the COVID crisis, trying to make sense out of things like the World Economic Forum and Klaus Schwab and the censorship and Tony Fauci.
and what went on at NIH, and all of these things that contribute to the COVID crisis that we've all lived through.
So a lot of people find it helpful.
It's not a small book.
It has a lot of detail, and it's produced by two academics, so it's highly referenced.
But you can parachute into any one chapter if you wish.
It's organized into three sections.
around the idea of how a physician approaches a patient.
So if you come to me as a patient, the first thing I do is I listen to you.
I ask you your story.
I ask what your chief complaint is, where your pain is, what's happened to you.
So that's the history and physical.
The next thing I do is I examine you.
That's the physical exam.
I say, what is actually happening to you?
What are your symptoms?
And then the last part of the interaction with the physician is the treatment plan.
What are you going to do about it?
So that's the structure of the book.
The first third of the book is people talking about their own experiences, people like Pierre Kory and Meryl Nass and Matthias Desmet.
and our own experiences of being censored and propagandized and defamed.
So the first third of the book is people talk experiences of being censored and propagandized and defamed.
So the first third is people's direct experience during the COVID crisis.
And then the second part is all about what does this mean?
How do we make sense out of this?
It talks about inverted totalitarianism.
It really introduced a lot of things that we now accept as part of our daily dialogue when we try to talk about the government and COVID crisis.
He is suggesting that a lot of the vocabulary that we use to discuss this operation is actually coined by him in his book.
That is extraordinary!
What an egomaniac!
Last part is where the hardest part for me to write, the better future coming.
What can we do about this?
What are the changes that need to be made?
For instance, we talk at length about Schedule F and Donald Trump's plans to reform the bureaucracy.
We talk about the corruption and the revolving door at the FDA, etc.
So that's the structure of the book, and it can be kind of thought of as a way to understand, comprehend, process all these confusing things that we've all experienced.
And it is so important that you're getting all these confusing things that we've experienced.
Not that he's part of the confusion that you experienced, but he experienced the confusion just like you, just like when Jordan Peterson said that we're all in psychological disarray.
He doesn't have any, any solution for it either.
He's just as lost as we are.
This is a lie.
And it is a very malevolent one because they intend to mislead the young with these lies.
Getting the word out and that people just, you know, feel encouraged.
And this, you've answered my question about hope.
It's right there in your book, The Better Future Coming.
Dr. Robert Malone, thank you so much for being here today.
I do hope to have you back with us again soon on this podcast.
Thanks for having me and thanks for taking the time to listen.
Extraordinary.
Absolutely extraordinary.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think that Robert Malone is an interesting kind of hero.
That was Robert Malone, the hero from February, 2024, not telling us much, but absolutely exposing their illusion and how they created it.
We need a new consensus, ladies and gentlemen, that transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent.
We need a new consensus that RNA cannot pandemic, and we need a new consensus that the vaccine schedule in the USA is a criminal enterprise.
And finally, we need a new consensus about the idea that yes,
national security state would have murdered people and lied about it in order to protect these truths.
Yes, they would have murdered people and lied about it in order to protect these truths.
And yes, they would have put people in place before the pandemic to make sure that they had the wherewithal to protect these truths.
And the way that they did it was the way that Edward Bernays
And Noam Chomsky and other people have described it.
It's a limited spectrum of debate within which we are trapped, where we never ask the question of, how do you make a cuckoo clock make toast?
We never ask the question, how do our cells make viruses when they don't normally make viruses?
How does the virus DNA or the virus RNA hijack our cells to make them do something that they don't already do when they don't?
That's not what's happening here.
These signals are being misconstrued as something they are not.
And they are covering up the fact that RNA virology is almost exclusively transfection and transformation in cell culture.
And that's why they don't want to talk about how
intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
They don't want to talk about how transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and they don't want to talk about how viruses are not pattern integrities and therefore RNA cannot pandemic.
Ladies and gentlemen, the weaponized piles of money have used social media to convince us what to argue about
And participating in that argument has accepted the premise of their narrative by default.
And that's happening even as we speak and not just about the pandemic, but about everything.
And once you see that social media is the way they do it, you come to the conclusion that I've come to, which is you've got to get off.
I don't have a Facebook account.
I don't have a MySpace.
I don't, I have my website.
I have a peer tube and I have the, the soap box and I'm leaving X, like I am leaving all of these social media because they are the fifth generation warfare.
It is not
a useful window into reality.
It is the weaponized piles of money using social media to convince you what to argue about and with whom to argue.
And if you want to get out, ladies and gentlemen, if you want to get out, the way to get out is to log off and join us on the outside.
Ladies and gentlemen, this has been Giga Ohm Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
If you want to
If you want to support the stream, you can go to gigaohmbiological.com.
If you want to talk with us, you can go to gigaohm.bio.
And if you want to share the stream after it's already not live anymore, please share the link from stream.gigaohm.bio, because that's our link.
That won't allow YouTube to distract anybody.
It won't allow Twitter to distract anybody.
It won't allow any of these rumble to distract people.
They will be on our website seeing our content.
and asking our questions is what we need to do.
Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for being here and I'll see you again tomorrow.